Everything.

THE OVERHAUL:
Where is the data? (mongodb, postgresql, flat files, lisp data persisted with cl-store or similar, etc)
What views are supported? (tag-based, reverse-chronological, single-post, etc)
How is the data edited? (web-admin-interface-p)
Who serves the data? (S3, Lisp server (hunchentoot/etc), System HTTPD (lighttpd/apache/etc)
How are comments handled? (Cloud service (disqus/etc), Stored and generated locally, disabled)

Old Coleslaw: Allow choices.
New Coleslaw: Screw choices!
"You can have it in any color as long as its black."

What views are supported? tag-based, reverse-chronological, single-post
Where is the data? git
How is the data edited? git status/inotify
Post generation? Static
What is the post format? (markdown, plaintext, rst, etc, anything with a parser plugin!)
How are comments handled? They're not supported. If they are, its by a friggin plugin.
What about themes? Templates are themes. DUH.
Plugins? Injection support for HEAD and BODY. What about predicate-based injection?
How is it served? Hunchentoot, Lighttpd, S3, whomever!

Historical Shifts
It's interesting to note two things.
1) Blogs went from static->dynamic->static being hip.
-- Some of this was motivated by technological fashion.
2) Comments went from being inessential->essential->inessential.
-- This latter point is largely related to shifts in social networks.
-- No more livejournal, RSS feeds don't promote communities.
-- Blogs are platforms designed for content syndication/publishing, not intelligent discourse.

Ideas:
-- Replace cl-markdown with 3bmd down the line?
-- Use cl-inotify or similar for notifications instead of timers?

TODO:

;;;; STATIC
;;;; implement start-coleslaw, stop-coleslaw!
;;;; implement cl-store use+init, once every 24 hours?
;;;; implement update-site, parse-file support.
;;;; how many globals can we move into *storage* as keywords? ALL OF THEM!
;;;; --what about accessing them?
;;;; write a proper version of escape considering wild pathnames and valid URL issues
;;;; implement atom feed. RSS too?
;;;; implement non-disqus comment support?
;;;; What do post update semantics look like? i.e. edit file to change tags. what about post-removal?

;;;; PLUGINS
;;;; add activate-plugin, deactivate-plugin, :active-plugins?
;;;; implement: analytics, crossposting, disqus, mathjax, pygments, recaptcha
;;;; support input or output dirs being git repos + have git hooks?
;;; import
;; add comment handling ... (when comments ...)
;; support old URLs via use of post-aliases?

;;;; DYNAMIC
;;;; Scrap that shit!
